#### What is your ideal mentor?

My ideal mentor is someone who is passionate about my field of study and who has a strong track record of success. I want someone who can provide me with guidance and advice, and who can help me learn and grow.

#### What will you do if you are not accepted this time

If I am not accepted this time ,I will take some time to reflect on mu proformance and identify any area where i could done better. And I would contionue to work hard and improve mu ability.

#### please describe your undergraduate major

My undergraduate major is Geomatics Engineering, It is broad field that encompassed thr collection,processing and analysis of spatial data,as well as the creation of maps and other geospatial products.

##### What is your greatest strength?

My greatest strength is my ability to learn quickly and adapt to new situations. I am a quick learner and I am always eager to learn new things. I am also able to adapt to new situations quickly and easily.

#### what is your greatest weakness

#### Could tell us someting about your hometown

My hometown is Chifeng City, Inner Mongolia, which has a long history, beautiful scenery, and many world wonders. It is a tourist destination<!--(including the Kexketeng World Geopark, Ashhatu Stone Forest, Daqingshan Mountains, and Wulan Butong Grassland.)-->

#### tell me about your family

My family is a family of three.My father works for the government. He is a hard worker and is dedicated to his job.My mother is a pastry chef. She loves to bake and is very creative.

#### tell me something about Beijing

 I first came to Beijing seven years ago. At that time, I visited many historical sites and felt the atmosphere of history. Now I come to this city again and feel its technological and development side.I am glad to see the development and changes of Beijing

#### why did you choose this major

As I have studied for four years, I have become more familiar with my major and I like it more, so I chose this major.

#### what is the best university

I think a good university has a good academic atmosphere, a beautiful environment, and the school can give students enough support.

#### why did you choose our university

I think the bumtb has a good academic atmosphere, a beautiful environment, and the school can give  enough support for me to improve my ability.

#### what is your dream?

At my senior high school my dream is to be a director, so I study the Film editing by myself. But as time gose by, I want to be a software engineer , use programing to create everything.

#### please introduce one of your favorite book

#### what sport do you like

Tennid! I first came into contact with tennis in my freshman year of college, and I have loved the sport ever since. I also played tennis with my classmates often during college.

#### how do you describe your college life

Although it was not particularly outstanding, I am very satisfied with it. During college, I gained knowledge, friends, and new insights. I would use the word "colorful" to describe my college life.

#### how do you learn English in your spare time

I use software to memorize vocabulary every day,

#### what is your plan in the postgraduate study
